bug fixes (#7)
dandclark/BigInt: README.md

BigInt_print(big_int);
```

> Get a normal int back from a BigInt with using BigInt_to_int; but be careful; if the BigInt doesn't fit in an int type, the function will return 0 and the output will be unchanged and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get a normal int back from a BigInt with using BigInt_to_int; but be careful; if the BigInt doesn't fit in an int type, the function will return 0 and the value in the int argument will be undefined.
```

Looks like BigInt_to_int can trample on the out param prior to hitting an overflow condition, so probably safest to just say the output is undefined on failure.
